chore: add foss docs (#40)
team-zomsa/aplib.net: README.md

## Overview
Aplib.Net is a C# re-implementation of the Agent Programming LIBrary (Aplib) for Java.
The original Aplib can be found [here](https://github.com/iv4xr-project/aplib) and is licensed to Utrecht University, created under the [iv4XR project](https://iv4xr-project.eu/).

Aplib.Net provides a set of tools for creating automatic playtesting agents for games. It is designed in such a way that it can be used in any game that uses the C# language. However, we provide additional support for the [Unity game engine](https://unity.com/).

To show the functionality of the library, a demo game has also been created and can be found [its respective repository](https://github.com/team-zomsa/aplib.net-demo).

## Installation
Aplib.Net is available as a NuGet package or as a simple dll file, that can then be added as a reference.

Both are available in the [GitHub Release](https://github.com/team-zomsa/aplib.net/releases).

An easier way of installing is also provided using the NuGet Gallery at NuGet.org, which can be found [here](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Aplib.Core/).

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps say a thing or two about installing it in Unity, as it is not straightforward.

> An easier way of installing is also provided using the NuGet Gallery at NuGet.org, which can be found [here](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Aplib.Core/).
> 

Reviewer: The installation is a bit more tricky for unity. A `csc.rsp` has to be created in the root of the project with a reference to aplib.

```suggestion
An easier way of installing is also provided using the NuGet Gallery at NuGet.org, which can be found [here](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Aplib.Core/).

### Unity Installation
Unity installation is a bit tricky, but can be done in two ways. The first, and easier way is to install the [NuGet plugin](https://github.com/GlitchEnzo/NuGetForUnity) and import it via NuGet.

For a manual installation, a few steps must be taken. As Unity does not support external libraries in .NET Standard API, the API Compatibility level must be set to `.NET Framework` in Project Settings > Player > Configuration > Api Compatibility Level.

Download the latest dll from the [GitHub Release](https://github.com/team-zomsa/aplib.net/releases) and place them in Assets/Plugins. In the root of your project, add a new file called `csc.rsp` and add the follwoing line:

```
-r:Assets/Plugins/Aplib.Core.dll
```

Now Aplib can be used in any assembly.
```

## Analysis
We provide analysis metrics using SonarCloud, which can be found [here](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=team-zomsa_aplib.net).

It provides information on metrics such as the code coverage, code smells and technical debt.

## Documentation
Documentation is automatically generated using Doxygen and can be found [here](https://team-zomsa.github.io/aplib.net/).

## Quick Start
A quick start guide can be found in the [GitHub Wiki](https://github.com/team-zomsa/aplib.net/wiki/Quick-Start-Guide).

## Contributing

> The contributing guidelines can be found [here](https://github.com/team-zomsa/aplib.net/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The contribution guidelines can be found [here](https://github.com/team-zomsa/aplib.net/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

[![Code Smells](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=team-zomsa_aplib.net&metric=code_smells)](https://sonarcloud.io/project/overview?id=team-zomsa_aplib.net)
[![Reliability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=team-zomsa_aplib.net&metric=reliability_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/project/overview?id=team-zomsa_aplib.net)
[![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=team-zomsa_aplib.net&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/project/overview?id=team-zomsa_aplib.net)
[![Technical Debt](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=team-zomsa_aplib.net&metric=sqale_index)](https://sonarcloud.io/project/overview?id=team-zomsa_aplib.net)
[![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=team-zomsa_aplib.net&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://sonarcloud.io/project/overview?id=team-zomsa_aplib.net)

## Overview
Aplib.Net is a C# re-implementation of the Agent Programming LIBrary (Aplib) for Java.

> The original Aplib can be found [here](https://github.com/iv4xr-project/aplib) and is licensed to Utrecht University, created under the [iv4XR project](https://iv4xr-project.eu/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Java implementation of Aplib can be found [here](https://github.com/iv4xr-project/aplib) and is licensed to Utrecht University, created under the [iv4XR project](https://iv4xr-project.eu/).
```

> Aplib.Net provides a set of tools for creating automatic playtesting agents for games. It is designed in such a way that it can be used in any game that uses the C# language. However, we provide additional support for the [Unity game engine](https://unity.com/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Aplib.Net provides a set of tools for creating automatic playtesting agents for games. It is designed in such a way that it can be used in any game that uses the C# language. We provide additional support for the [Unity game engine](https://unity.com/).
```

Reviewer 3: 'However' implies a counter argument. Maybe even explain _why_ we provide additional support for Unity (large user-base).

> To show the functionality of the library, a demo game has also been created and can be found [its respective repository](https://github.com/team-zomsa/aplib.net-demo).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A demo game, showcasing the functionality of the library, can be found in [this repository](https://github.com/team-zomsa/aplib.net-demo).
```

## Installation

> Aplib.Net is available as a NuGet package or as a simple dll file, that can then be added as a reference.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Aplib.Net is available as a NuGet package or as a simple DLL file, that can then be added as a reference.
```

Both are available in the [GitHub Release](https://github.com/team-zomsa/aplib.net/releases).

An easier way of installing is also provided using the NuGet Gallery at NuGet.org, which can be found [here](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Aplib.Core/).

### Unity Installation
Unity installation is a bit tricky, but can be done in two ways. The first, and easier way is to install the [NuGet plugin](https://github.com/GlitchEnzo/NuGetForUnity) and import it via NuGet.

For a manual installation, a few steps must be taken. As Unity does not support external libraries in .NET Standard API, the API Compatibility level must be set to `.NET Framework` in Project Settings > Player > Configuration > Api Compatibility Level.

> Download the latest dll from the [GitHub Release](https://github.com/team-zomsa/aplib.net/releases) and place them in Assets/Plugins. In the root of your project, add a new file called `csc.rsp` and add the following line:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Download the latest DLL from the [GitHub Release](https://github.com/team-zomsa/aplib.net/releases) and place them in Assets/Plugins. In the root of your project, add a new file called `csc.rsp` and add the following line:
```
